Cu 36nhruy docs  fixed2 (#122)
smartmind-team/thanosql-docs: docs/en/tutorials/thanosql_ml/audio_recognition/speech_recognition.md

For the next step, [Creating an Intermediate Speech Recognition Model], takes a deeper dive into the speech recognition model. If you want to learn more about building your own speech recognition model for your service, proceed with the following tutorials.

> - [How to Upload to ThanoSQL workspace DB](https://docs.thanosql.ai/en/getting_started/data_upload/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to upload to the ThanoSQL workspace database](https://docs.thanosql.ai/en/getting_started/data_upload/)
```

이거 관련해서 thanosql-tutorial repo의 [PR](https://github.com/smartmind-team/thanosql-tutorial/pull/41)에서도 이슈 나왔었는데, 위처럼 하는게 더 좋다고 생각합니다!

Reviewer 2: 해당 내용 확정되면 튜토리얼도 맞춰야합니다.
